Table1：activity
样例1
id = 1  
activity_name = "swimming" 
activity_time = 2016-10-25 20:10:55 
activity_population = 8 
activity_place = "Jiaotong"  
activity_describe = "go swimming together！ have fun!Competitive swimming became popular in the 19th century.
The goal of competitive swimming is to break personal or world records while beating competitors in any given 
event. Swimming in competition should create the least resistance in order to obtain maximum speed. However, 
some professional swimmers who do not hold a national or world ranking are considered the best in regard to 
their technical skills. Typically, an athlete goes through a cycle of training in which the body is overloaded
with work in the beginning and middle segments of the cycle, and then the workload is decreased in the final 
stage as the swimmer approaches competition."
picture : blob

样例2
id = 2 
activity_name = "running"
activity_time = 2016-10-26 20:12:02
activity_population = 9
activity_place = "fudan"
activity_describe = "Midstance is defined as the time at which the lower extremity limb of focus is in knee 
flexion directly underneath the trunk, pelvis and hips. It is at this point that propulsion begins to occur 
as the hips undergo hip extension, the knee joint undergoes extension and the ankle undergoes plantar flexion.
Propulsion continues until the leg is extended behind the body and toe off occurs. This involves maximal hip 
extension, knee extension and plantar flexion for the subject, resulting in the body being pushed forward from
this motion and the ankle/foot leaves the ground as initial swing begins."
picture : blob 

样例3
id = 3 
activity_name = "打桌游" 
activity_time = 2016-10-28 19:30:00 
activity_population = 6 
activity_place = "上海交大闵行校区逸夫楼二楼"
activity_describe = "周四晚上六点在逸夫楼那里打桌游，狼人、UNO、三国杀都可以，大家一起来玩儿啊！"
picture : blob

样例4
id = 7
activity_name = "约麻辣香锅" 
activity_time = 2016-10-28 18:30:00
activity_population = 2 
activity_place = "思源门对面"
activity_describe = "周五晚上去改善一顿，外面的麻辣香锅还是比学校里的要好吃多了。"
picture = NULL

样例5
id = 8 
activity_name = 游览迪斯尼乐园 
activity_time = 2016-10-29 08:30:00 
activity_population = 2 
activity_place = 上海迪斯尼乐园 
activity_describe = "先在学校思源门门口集合，再一起坐车去迪斯尼吧~"  
picture : blob

table2:user
样例1
id = 1 
qq = 1245367 
tel = 468637975 
user_name = "甲"
activity_id_initiate = 2 
activity_id_join = 1

样例2
id = 2 
qq = 235636
tel = 2343678435 
user_name = "乙" 
activity_id_initiate = NULL 
activity_id_join = NULL 

样例3
id = 4 
qq = 2346736 
tel = 677424689 
user_name = "丙" 
activity_id_initiate = 7 
activity_id_join = 8 

table3:comments

样例1
id = 1 
user_id = 1 
activity_id = 1 
time_of_comments = 2016-10-26 19:21:28
content = "我要怎么找到你啊？有什么标志可以认的吗？" 

样例2
id = 2 4 8   
user_id = 4 
activity_id = 8 
time_of_comments = 2016-10-26 19:44:11
content = "下午几点回来？"